[network] update note about `gather_network_resources` (#1096)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/network/getting_started/first_playbook.rst

            }

> Note that `gather_network_resources` renders configuration data as facts for all supported resources (interfaces/bgp/ospf/etc.), whereas, `gather_subset` is primarily used to fetch operational data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that ``gather_network_resources`` renders configuration data as facts for all supported resources (interfaces, bgp, ospf, and so on), whereas, ``gather_subset`` is primarily used to fetch operational data.
```
